*: fix errors reported by languagetool (#6069)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/hostess.md

> An idempotent command-line utility for managing the `/etc/hosts` file.
> More information: <https://github.com/cbednarski/hostess>.

> - List domains, target IPs and on/off status:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List domains, target IP addresses and on/off status:
```
